[Translation] Update on README_en.md (#5816)
PaddlePaddle/PaddleNLP: README_en.md

    <a href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleNLP/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/PaddlePaddle/PaddleNLP?color=ccf"></a>
</p>

<h4 align="center"> <a href=#features> Features </a> | <a href=#installation> Installation </a> | <a href=#quick-start> Quick Start </a> | <a href=#api-reference> API Reference </a> | <a href=#community> Community </a>

> **PaddleNLP** is a natural language processing development library that is both **easy to use** and **powerful**. It aggregates high-quality pre-trained models in the industry and provides a **plug-and-play** development experience, covering a model library for various NLP scenarios. With practical examples from industry practices, PaddleNLP can meet the needs of developers who require **flexible customization**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**PaddleNLP** is a NLP library that is both **easy to use** and **powerful**. It aggregates high-quality pretrained models in the industry and provides a **plug-and-play** development experience, covering a model library for various NLP scenarios. With practical examples from industry practices, PaddleNLP can meet the needs of developers who require **flexible customization**.
```

## News 📢

* **2023.1.12: [Release of PaddleNLP v2.5](<https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleNLP/releases/tag/v2.5.0>)**

>     * 🔨 NLP Tools: [PPDiffusers](./ppdiffusers), a domestically produced diffusion model toolbox, has been released. It integrates multiple diffusion model parameters and components, provides a complete training process for diffusion models, and supports FastDeploy inference acceleration and multi-hardware deployment (supports Ascend chips and Kunlun core deployment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 🔨 NLP Tools: [PPDiffusers](./ppdiffusers), our cross-modal diffusion model toolbox based on PaddlePaddle, has been released! It provides a complete training process for diffusion models, and supports FastDeploy inference acceleration and multi-hardware deployment (supports Ascend chips and Kunlun core deployment).
```

>     * 💎 Industrial Applications: Information extraction, text classification, sentiment analysis, and intelligent question answering have all been newly upgraded. New releases include document information extraction [UIE-X](./applications/information_extraction/document), unified text classification [UTC](./applications/zero_shot_text_classification), unified sentiment analysis [UIE-Senta](./applications/sentiment_analysis/unified_sentiment_extraction) , and [unsupervised QA application](./applications/question_answering/unsupervised_qa). At the same time, the [ERNIE 3.0 Tiny v2](./model_zoo/ernie-tiny) series of pre-trained small models have been released, which are more effective with low-resource and foreign data. They provide open-source end-to-end deployment solutions such as model pruning, model quantization, FastDeploy inference acceleration, and edge-side deployment to reduce the difficulty of pre-trained model deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 💎 Industrial Applications: Information extraction, text classification, sentiment analysis, and intelligent question answering have all been newly upgraded. New releases include document information extraction [UIE-X](./applications/information_extraction/document), unified text classification [UTC](./applications/zero_shot_text_classification), unified sentiment analysis [UIE-Senta](./applications/sentiment_analysis/unified_sentiment_extraction) , and [unsupervised QA application](./applications/question_answering/unsupervised_qa). At the same time, the [ERNIE 3.0 Tiny v2](./model_zoo/ernie-tiny) series of pretrained small models have been released, which are more effective with low-resource and foreign data. They provide open-source end-to-end deployment solutions such as model pruning, model quantization, FastDeploy inference acceleration, and edge-side deployment to reduce the difficulty of pretrained model deployment.
```

>     * 💪 Framework Upgrade: Pre-training model [parameter configuration unification](./paddlenlp/transformers/configuration_utils.py), saving and loading custom parameter configurations no longer requires additional development; [Trainer API](./docs/trainer.md) has added BF16 training, recompute recalculations, sharding, and other distributed capabilities. Large-scale pre-training model training can easily be accomplished through simple configuration. [Model Compression API](./docs/compression.md) supports quantization training, vocabulary compression, and other functions. The compressed model has smaller accuracy loss, and the memory consumption of model deployment is greatly reduced. [Data Augmentation API](./docs/dataaug.md) has been comprehensively upgraded to support three granularities of data augmentation strategy: character, word, and sentence, making it easy to customize data augmentation strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 💪 Framework Upgrade: Pretrained model [parameter configuration unification](./paddlenlp/transformers/configuration_utils.py), saving and loading custom parameter configurations no longer requires additional development; [Trainer API](./docs/trainer.md) has added BF16 training, recompute recalculations, sharding, and other distributed capabilities. Large-scale pre-training model training can easily be accomplished through simple configuration. [Model Compression API](./docs/compression.md) supports quantization training, vocabulary compression, and other functions. The compressed model has smaller accuracy loss, and the memory consumption of model deployment is greatly reduced. [Data Augmentation API](./docs/dataaug.md) has been comprehensively upgraded to support three granularities of data augmentation strategy: character, word, and sentence, making it easy to customize data augmentation strategies.
```

>     * 🤝 Ecological Collaboration: 🤗Huggingface hub officially supports PaddleNLP pre-trained models, supporting PaddleNLP Model and Tokenizer downloads and uploads directly from the 🤗Huggingface hub. Everyone is welcome to experience PaddleNLP pre-trained model effects on the 🤗Huggingface hub [here](https://huggingface.co/PaddlePaddle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 🤝 Community: 🤗Huggingface hub officially supports PaddleNLP pretrained models, supporting PaddleNLP Model and Tokenizer downloads and uploads directly from the 🤗Huggingface hub. Everyone is welcome to try out PaddleNLP pretrained models on the 🤗Huggingface hub [here](https://huggingface.co/PaddlePaddle).
```

* **September 6, 2022: [Release of PaddleNLP v2.4](<https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleNLP/releases/tag/v2.4.0>)**

    * 🔨 NLP Tools: [NLP Pipeline System Pipelines](./pipelines) has been released, supporting the rapid construction of search engines and question-answering systems, and can be extended to support various NLP systems, making it easy, flexible, and efficient to solve NLP tasks like building blocks!
    * 💎 Industrial Applications: A new [text classification full-process application solution](./applications/text_classification) has been added, covering various scenarios such as multi-classification, multi-label, and hierarchical classification, supporting small-sample learning and TrustAI trustworthy computing model training and tuning.
    * 🍭 AIGC: The SOTA model [CodeGen](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleNLP/blob/develop/examples/code_generation/codegen) for code generation in various programming languages has been added.

>     * 💪 Framework Upgrade: [Automatic Model Compression API](./docs/compression.md) has been released, which automatically cuts and quantizes models, greatly reducing the threshold for using model compression technology. [Small Sample Prompt](./applications/text_classification/multi_class/few-shot) capability has been released, integrating classic algorithms such as PET, P-Tuning, and RGL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 💪 Framework Upgrade: [Automatic Model Compression API](./docs/compression.md) has been released, which automatically cuts and quantizes models, greatly reducing the threshold for using model compression technology. [Few-shot Prompt](./applications/text_classification/multi_class/few-shot) capability has been released, integrating classic algorithms such as PET, P-Tuning, and RGL.
```
